AIA Group Limited
友邦保險控股有限公司
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)
（於香港註冊成立的有限公司）
Stock Codes: 1299 (HKD Counter) and 81299 (RMB Counter)
股份代號：1299（港幣櫃台）及81299（人民幣櫃台）
NOTIFICATION LETTER   通知信函
15 April 2024
Dear Non-registered Shareholder (Note 1),
AIA Group Limited (the “Company”)
Notice of Publication of the Company’s Annual Report 2023 and Circular dated 15 April 2024 containing Notice of Annual General Meeting together with 
the Proxy Form (the “Current Corporate Communications”)
The Company’s annual general meeting will be held at 11:00 a.m. on Friday, 24 May 2024 at the Grand Ballroom 3 & 5, Level B, Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott 
Hotel, 180 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong (the “2024 AGM”).
The Company reminds the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) that they may appoint the chairman of the 2024 AGM as their proxy to vote according 
to their indicated voting instructions as an alternative to attending the 2024 AGM in person.
The English and Chinese versions of the Current Corporate Communications are available on the Company’s website at www.aia.com and Hong Kong Exchanges 
and Clearing Limited’s website at www.hkexnews.hk (the “HKEx’s website”). You may visit our website by clicking “Hong Kong Stock Exchange Announcements” 
under the section headed “Investor Relations” or the HKEx’s website to view and/or download the Current Corporate Communications. If you have elected to receive 
Corporate Communications(Note 2) in printed form, the printed version(s) of the Current Corporate Communications in your selected language(s) is/are enclosed.
If you wish to receive the printed version(s) of the Current Corporate Communications and all future Corporate Communications, please complete and sign the 
request form (the “Request Form”) set out on the reverse side of this letter and return it to the Company c/o the Company’s share registrar, Computershare Hong 
Kong Investor Services Limited (the “Share Registrar”), by mail using the mailing label provided at the bottom of the Request Form or by hand delivery. The 
address of the Share Registrar is 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong. The Request Form may also be downloaded from the 
Company’s website or the HKEx’s website. The Company will send the printed version to you free of charge upon your request.
Should you have any queries in relation to this letter, please call the enquiry hotline of the Share Registrar at (852) 2862 8688 during business hours from 9:00 a.m. 
to 6:00 p.m. (Hong Kong time), Mondays to Fridays, excluding Hong Kong public holidays or send an email to aia.ecom@computershare.com.hk.
Yours faithfully,
AIA Group Limited
Notes:	
(1)	
This letter is sent to the Company’s non-registered shareholders (each, a “Non-registered Shareholder”). Non-registered Shareholder, in the context of 
receiving this notification, means such person or company whose shares in the Company are held in the Central Clearing and Settlement System and who has 
notified the Company from time to time through HKSCC Nominees Limited that he/she/it wishes to receive Corporate Communications. If you have sold or 
transferred your shares in the Company, please disregard this letter and the Request Form on the reverse side.
	
(2)	
Unless otherwise specified, Corporate Communications refer to any documents issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or action of 
holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to the annual report, interim report, notice of meeting, circular and proxy form.
各位非登記股東（附註1）：
友邦保險控股有限公司（「本公司」）
本公司2023年報及載有股東週年大會通告日期為2024年4月15日之通函及代表委任表格之刊發通知（「本次公司通訊」）
本公司之股東週年大會將於2024年5月24日（星期五）上午11時正假座香港香港仔黃竹坑道180號香港海洋公園萬豪酒店B層3號及5號大宴會廳舉行（「2024年股
東週年大會」）。
本公司提醒本公司股東（「股東」），彼等可委任2024年股東週年大會主席作為其代表根據其投票指示進行投票，以代替親身出席2024年股東週年大會。
本次公司通訊的英、中文版本已登載於本公司網站www.aia.com 及香港交易及結算所有限公司網站www.hkexnews.hk （「香港交易所網站」）。 閣下可瀏覽本公
司網站並於「投資者關係」項下點擊「聯交所公告」或於香港交易所網站閱覽及╱或下載本次公司通訊。如 閣下已選擇收取公司通訊（附註2）的印刷本，隨本函
附奉 閣下所選擇之語言版本的本次公司通訊的印刷本。
如 
閣下欲收取本次公司通訊及所有日後刊發之公司通訊的印刷本，請填妥及簽署在本函背面附載的申請表格（「申請表格」），並使用申請表格下方提供之 
郵寄標籤寄回申請表格，或親身交回本公司證券登記處香港中央證券登記有限公司（「證券登記處」）以轉交予本公司。證券登記處地址為香港灣仔皇后大道東 
183號合和中心17M樓。申請表格亦可於本公司網站或香港交易所網站內下載。本公司在收到 閣下的要求後將向 閣下免費發送印刷本。
如 閣下對本函件內容有任何疑問，請於辦公時間星期一至五（香港公眾假期除外）上午9時正至下午6時正（香港時間）致電證券登記處熱線(852) 2862 8688，
或發送電郵至aia.ecom@computershare.com.hk 。
友邦保險控股有限公司
謹啟
2024年4月15日
附註： 
(1) 
 此函件乃向本公司之非登記股東（「非登記股東」）發出。就收取本通知而言，非登記股東乃指透過中央結算及交收系統持有本公司股份的人士或公司，
而彼已經透過香港中央結算（代理人）有限公司不時知會本公司，希望收到公司通訊。如果 閣下已經出售或轉讓所持有之本公司股份，則無需理會本
函件及背面之申請表格。
 
(2) 
 除非另有註明，公司通訊乃指本公司已發出或將予發出以供其任何證券的持有人參照或採取行動的任何文件，其中包括但不限於年報、中期報告、 
會議通告、通函及代表委任表格。
15042024
CCS8352
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mailing Label 郵寄標籤
Please cut the mailing label and stick it on an envelope
to return this form to us.
No postage is necessary if posted in Hong Kong.
當 閣下寄回此表格時，請將郵寄標籤剪貼於信封上。
如在本港投寄， 閣下無需支付郵費或貼上郵票。
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
香港中央證券登記有限公司
Freepost No. 簡便回郵號碼：37
Hong Kong 香港
Get in touch with us 僅ハỏ伭䴩
Send us an enquiry ❩婉
Rate our service
娼⃠
Lodge a complaint
㉼娛
Contact Us 伭䴩ハỏ
www.computershare.com/hk/contact
-----------------
REQUEST FORM   申請表格
To: 
AIA Group Limited (the “Company”)
致： 友邦保險控股有限公司（「本公司」）
(Stock Codes: 1299 (HKD Counter) and 81299 (RMB Counter))
（股份代號：1299（港幣櫃台）及81299（人民幣櫃台））
c/o Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
經香港中央證券登記有限公司
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
香港灣仔皇后大道東183號
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
合和中心17M樓
I/We would like to receive printed version(s) of the Company’s Annual Report 2023 and Circular dated 15 April 2024 containing Notice of Annual General Meeting together with the 
Proxy Form and all future Corporate Communications* in the manner as indicated below:
本人╱我們欲以下列方式收取本公司的2023年報及載有股東週年大會通告日期為2024年4月15日之通函及代表委任表格以及所有日後刊發之公司通訊*：
(Please mark “X” in ONLY ONE of the following boxes)
（請從下列選擇中，僅在其中一個空格內劃上「X」號）
	
to receive the printed English version ONLY; OR
 
僅收取英文印刷本；或
	
to receive the printed Chinese version ONLY; OR
	
僅收取中文印刷本；或
	
to receive both the printed English and Chinese versions.
	
收取英文及中文印刷本。
Signature :
簽名：
Contact telephone number :
聯絡電話號碼：
Name :
姓名：
Date :
日期：
Notes 附註：
1.	
Please complete all your details clearly. Any Request Form with more than one box marked (X), with no box marked (X), with no signature or otherwise incorrectly completed will be void.
 
請清楚填妥 閣下之所有資料。如在本申請表格作出超過一項選擇、或未有作出選擇、或未有簽署、或在其他方面填寫不正確，則本申請表格將會作廢。
2.	
This Request Form is sent to the Company’s non-registered shareholders (each, a “Non-registered Shareholder”). Non-registered Shareholder means such person or company whose shares in the Company are held in the 
Central Clearing and Settlement System and who has notified the Company from time to time through HKSCC Nominees Limited that he/she/it wishes to receive Corporate Communications.
 
本申請表格乃向本公司之非登記股東（「非登記股東」）發出。非登記股東乃指透過中央結算及交收系統持有本公司股份的人士或公司，而彼已經透過香港中央結算（代理人）有限公司不時知會本公司，希望收到公司通
訊。
3.	
The above instruction will apply to all future Corporate Communications to be sent to you until you notify the Company c/o the Company’s share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (the “Share 
Registrar”), to the contrary or unless you have at anytime ceased to have holdings in the Company. The address of the Share Registrar is 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong.
 
上述指示適用於發送予 閣下之所有日後刊發之公司通訊，直至 閣下經本公司證券登記處香港中央證券登記有限公司（「證券登記處」）通知本公司另作安排，或 閣下任何時候停止持有本公司的股份為止。證券登
記處地址為香港灣仔皇后大道東183號合和中心17M樓。
4.	
For the avoidance of doubt, the Company does not accept any other instructions given on this Request Form.
 
為免存疑，在本申請表格上的任何額外指示，本公司將不予處理。
*	
Unless otherwise specified, Corporate Communications refer to any documents issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to the annual 
report, interim report, notice of meeting, circular and proxy form.
 
除非另有說明，公司通訊乃指本公司已發出或將予發出以供其任何證券的持有人參照或採取行動的任何文件，其中包括但不限於年報、中期報告、會議通告、通函及代表委任表格。
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION STATEMENT
收集個人資料聲明
(i)	
“Personal Data” in this statement has the same meaning as “personal data” in the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong (“PDPO”).
 
本聲明中所指的「個人資料」與香港法例第486章《個人資料（私隱）條例》
（「《私隱條例》」）中「個人資料」的涵義相同。
(ii)	
Your Personal Data provided in this Request Form will be used in connection with processing your request in respect of language and/or means of receiving Corporate Communications. Your supply of Personal Data to the 
Company is on a voluntary basis. In case of a failure to provide sufficient information, the Company may not be able to process your instructions and/or requests as stated in this Request Form.
 
閣下於本申請表格所提供的個人資料將用以處理 閣下有關接收公司通訊之語言及╱或方式的要求。 閣下是自願向本公司提供個人資料。若 閣下未能提供足夠資料，本公司可能無法處理 閣下在本申請表格上
所述的指示及╱或要求。
(iii)	
Your Personal Data may be disclosed or transferred by the Company to its subsidiaries, the Share Registrar, and/or other companies or bodies for any of the stated purposes, or when it is required to do so by law and will be 
retained for such period as may be necessary for our verification and record purposes.
 
本公司可就任何所說明的用途或在法例規定的情況下，將 閣下的個人資料披露或轉移給本公司的附屬公司、證券登記處、及╱或其他公司或團體，並將在適當期間保留該等個人資料作核實及紀錄用途。
(iv)	
You have the right to request access to and/or correction of your Personal Data in accordance with the provisions of the PDPO. Any such request for access to and/or correction of your Personal Data should 
be in writing, by mail to the Hong Kong Privacy Officer of Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email at 
PrivacyOfficer@computershare.com.hk.
 
閣下有權根據《私隱條例》的條文查閱及╱或修改 閣下的個人資料。任何該等查閱及╱或修改個人資料的要求均須以書面方式郵寄至香港中央證券登記有限公司（地址為香港灣仔皇后大道東183號合和中心17M樓）
向香港私隱主任提出，或發送電郵至PrivacyOfficer@computershare.com.hk 。
