Prudential plc 
保誠有限公司 
Registered office: 5th Floor, 10 Old Bailey, London, EC4M 7NG. Incorporated and registered in England and Wales. Registered number 01397169. 
註冊辦事處: 5th Floor, 10 Old Bailey, London, EC4M 7NG。英格蘭及威爾斯成立及註冊。註冊編號 01397169 
 
 
(Incorporated and registered in England and Wales with limited liability, registered number 01397169) 
（於英格蘭及威爾斯成立及註冊的有限責任公司，註冊編號為 01397169） 
(Stock Code 股份代號：2378) 
23 April 2026 
Dear Non-registered Holder1, 
Notification of publication of 2025 Annual Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting 
We are delighted to notify you that the annual report of Prudential plc (the “Company”) for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the notice of 
annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 28 May 2026 (the “Current Corporate Communications”) in English and Chinese are available 
on the website of the Company at www.prudentialplc.com (the “Company Website”) and the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited 
at www.hkexnews.hk (the “HKEx Website”). 
If you wish to receive Corporate Communications2 from the Company by email, please liaise with your bank(s), broker(s), custodian(s), nominee(s) 
or HKSCC Nominees Limited through which your shares are held (collectively, the “Intermediaries”) and provide your email address to your 
Intermediaries. You will otherwise receive a notification letter for the publication of the Corporate Communications on the website of the Company 
by post. 
If you would like to receive paper copies of these Corporate Communications2, in English or Chinese, please provide reasonable notice to the 
Company: (i) by returning the completed and signed Request Form overleaf to the Company c/o its Hong Kong branch share registrar (the “Hong Kong 
Share Registrar”), Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, 
using the mailing label provided; or (ii) by sending a scanned copy of the completed and signed Request Form by email to 
prudential.ecom@computershare.com.hk. The Request Form may also be downloaded from the Company Website at www.prudentialplc.com and 
the HKEx Website at www.hkexnews.hk. 
Should you have any queries relating to the above, please call the service hotline of the Hong Kong Share Registrar at (852) 2862 8688 during 
business hours (9.00am to 6.00pm, Monday to Friday, excluding Hong Kong public holidays). 
Yours faithfully, 
By order of the Board of Directors 
Prudential plc 
Tom Clarkson 
Company Secretary 
Notes: 
1 
This letter is addressed to Non-registered Holder(s) of the shares in the Company. Non-registered Holder refers to such person or company whose shares are held in the Central 
Clearing and Settlement System and who has notified the Company from time to time through Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited that he/she/they/it wish(es) to 
receive Corporate Communications. If you have sold or transferred your shares in the Company, please disregard this letter and the Request Form overleaf. 
2 
Unless otherwise specified, Corporate Communications refers to any documents issued or to be issued by the Company for information or action of holders of its shares, including 
but not limited to the annual report, half year report, notice of meeting, circular and proxy form. 
 
＊ For identification purposes 
 
敬啟者： 
二零二五年年報及股東週年大會通告之登載通知 
我們欣然通知 閣下，Prudential plc（「本公司」）截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度之年報及本公司將於二零二六年五月二十八日舉
行之股東週年大會之通告（「是次公司通訊」）的英文及中文版本已於本公司網站 www.prudentialplc.com/zh-hant/（「本公司網站」）及
香港交易及結算所有限公司網站 www.hkexnews.hk/index_c.htm（「港交所網站」）登載。 
閣下如有意通過電郵收取公司通訊2，閣下應聯絡代 閣下持有股份的銀行、經紀、託管商、代理人或香港中央結算（代理人）有限公司（統
稱「中介公司」），並向閣下的中介公司提供閣下的電子郵件地址。否則 閣下將會通過郵寄方式收到有關公司通訊已在本公司網站上發布
的通知函件。 
如 閣下欲收取本公司之公司通訊2 的印刷本（英文或中文版本），請透過以下方式給予本公司合理的通知：(i)將已填妥及簽署的本函件背面
的申請表，使用所提供的郵寄標籤，經其香港股份過戶登記分處（「香港股份過戶登記處」）香港中央證券登記有限公司 (地址為香港灣仔
皇后大道東183 號合和中心17M 樓) 寄回本公司；或(ii) 將已填妥及簽署的申請表的掃描副本透過電郵發送至 
prudential.ecom@computershare.com.hk 。申請表亦可於本公司網站www.prudentialplc.com/zh-hant/ 及港交所網站 
www.hkexnews.hk/index_c.htm 下載。 
如 閣下對上述事項有任何疑問，請於辦公時段內（星期一至星期五上午九時正至下午六時正，香港公眾假期除外）致電香港股份過戶登記
處服務熱線(852) 2862 8688 查詢。 
此致 
列位非登記持有人 1  台照 
 
 
二零二六年四月二十三日 
 
 
 
承董事會命 
Prudential plc 
Tom Clarkson
公司秘書 
謹啟 
附註: 
1. 函件為致本公司股份之非登記持有人。非登記持有人指所持有的股份存放於中央結算及交收系統的人士或公司，其已透過香港中央結算有限公司不時向本公司發出通知，表示欲收
取公司通訊。倘    閣下已出售或轉讓所持有的本公司股份，則毋須理會本函件及背面的申請表。 
 
2. 除非另有說明，公司通訊指本公司已發出或將會發出以供其股份持有人參照或採取行動的任何文件，包括但不限於年報、上半年度報告、會議通告、通函及代表委任表格。 
＊僅供識別 
 
 
Notes 附註： 
1. 
Terms used in this Request Form shall bear the same meanings as those defined in the Letter to Non-registered Holders dated 23 April 2026 
本申請表中所用詞彙與日期為二零二六年四月二十三日致非登記持有人之函件所界定者具有相同涵義。 
2. 
This Request Form is to be completed by Non-registered Holders of the shares in the Company. Non-registered Holder refers to such person or company whose shares are held in the 
Central Clearing and Settlement System and who has notified the Company from time to time through Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited that he/she/they/it wish(es) to 
receive Corporate Communications. 
本申請表應由本公司股份之非登記持有人填寫。非登記持有人指所持有的股份存放於中央結算及交收系統的人士或公司，其已透過香港中央結算有限公司不時向本公司發出通
知，表示欲收取公司通訊。 
3. 
The above instruction will apply to all future Corporate Communications until you notify the Company c/o its Hong Kong Share Registrar to the contrary or you have ceased to have 
holdings in the Company. The address of the Hong Kong Share Registrar is Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited ,17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, 
Wanchai, Hong Kong. 
上述指示將適用於所有日後公司通訊，直至 閣下經其香港股份過戶登記處通知本公司另作安排或 閣下停止持有本公司的股份為止。香港股份過戶登記處地址為香港灣仔皇后
大道東183號合和中心17M樓香港中央證券登記有限公司。 
4. 
This form will be void if more than one box is marked “X”; none of the boxes are marked “X”; or the form is not signed or is otherwise incorrectly completed. 
如超過一個空格劃上「X」號； 沒有空格劃上「X」號； 或未有簽署或在其他方面填寫不正確，則本表格將會作廢。 
5. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Company do not accept any special instructions written on this Request Form. 
為免存疑，任何在本申請表上的特別手寫指示，本公司將不予處理。 
6. 
The Company may process the personal data collected on this form in accordance with its privacy policy, which can be found at 本公司可按照其私隱政策處理就本申請表收集
的個人資料，私隱政策可於以下網站查閱 
https://www.prudentialplc.com/en/site-services/privacy-notice/ 
The Company’s privacy policy applicable to the main share register can be found at 適用於股東名冊主冊的本公司私隱政策可於以下網站查
閱 
https://www.prudentialplc.com/content/dam/prudential-plc/investor/support/privacy-notice-prudential-share-holders.pdf.coredownload.inline.pdf  
Computershare’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.computershare.com/hk/en/privacy-policies 
中央證券的私隱政策可於https://www.computershare.com/hk/zh/privacy-policies查閱。 
＊
CCS4060 
PRUH_NRH 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Request Form 申請表 
 
To: Prudential plc (the ‘‘Company’’) 
(Stock Code: 2378) 
c/o Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited 
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong 
致： 保誠有限公司*（「本公司」） 
（股份代號：2378） 
經香港中央證券登記有限公司
香港灣仔皇后大道東 183 號
合和中心 17M 樓 
I/We would like to receive the Current Corporate Communications and all future Corporate Communications of the Company in paper format: 
本人／吾等希望收取是次公司通訊以及本公司所有日後公司通訊印刷本： 
(Please mark “X” in ONE of the following boxes)（請在下列其中一個空格內劃上「X」號） 
 
the English versions; OR 
英文印刷本；或 
the Chinese versions; OR 
中文印刷本；或 
both English and Chinese versions. 
英文及中文印刷本。 
Contact telephone number: 
聯絡電話號碼： 
Signature: 
簽名： 
 
Date: 
日期： 
 
 
